{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f245\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f246\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f248\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f249\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f250\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f251\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f252\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f253\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f255\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f256\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f258\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f259\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f260\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f261\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f262\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f263\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4867095\rsid10554094}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6359;}{\info{\author Sherry Phillips}{\operator Sherry Phillips}{\creatim\yr2005\mo1\dy11\hr13\min49}{\revtim\yr2005\mo1\dy11\hr13\min50}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords417}{\nofchars2381}{\*\company CAS}
{\nofcharsws2793}{\vern24703}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale97\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot4867095 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 FORM 337}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095  - Rule 337
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 NOTICE OF APPEAL}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 
\par 
\par (General Heading -- Use Form 66)
\par 
\par (Court seal)
\par 
\par NOTICE OF APPEAL
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 
\par TO THE RESPONDENT:
\par 
\par \tab A LEGAL PROCEEDING HAS BEEN COMMENCED AGAINST YOU by the appellant. The relief claimed by the appellant appears on the following page.
\par 
\par \tab THIS APPEAL will be heard by the Court at a time and place to be fixed by the Judicial Administrator. Unless the Court directs otherwise, the place of hearing will be as requested by the appellant. The appellant requests that t
his appeal be heard at (place where Federal Court}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095 of Appeal (or Federal Court)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095  ordinarily sits).
\par 
\par \tab IF YOU WISH TO OPPOSE THIS APPEAL, to receive notice of any step in the appeal or to be served with any documents in the appeal, you or a solicitor acting for you must prepare a notice of appearance in Form 341 prescribed by the Federal Court}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095 s}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095  Rules and serve it on the appellant's solicitor, or where the appellant is self-represented, on the appellant, WITHIN 10 DAYS of being served with this notice of appeal.
\par 
\par \tab IF YOU INTEND TO SEEK A DIFFERENT DISPOSITION of the order appealed from, you must serve and file a notice of cross-appeal in Form 341 prescribed by the Federal Court}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095 s}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095  Rules
 instead of serving and filing a notice of appearance.
\par 
\par \tab Copies of the Federal Court}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095 s}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095  Rules i
nformation concerning the local offices of the Court and other necessary information may be obtained on request to the Administrator of this Court at Ottawa (telephone 613-992-4238) or at any local office.
\par 
\par \tab IF YOU FAIL TO OPPOSE THIS APPEAL, JUDGMENT MAY BE GIVEN IN YOUR ABSENCE AND WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU.
\par 
\par 
\par (Date)
\par 
\par Issued by:________________________________
\par (Registry Officer)
\par 
\par Address of local office:__________________
\par 
\par 
\par TO: (Name and address of each respondent)
\par (Name and address of every other person required to be served)
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 (Separate page)
\par 
\par APPEAL
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 
\par \tab THE APPELLANT APPEALS to the Federal Court of Appeal (or Federal Court) from the order of (name of judge, officer or tribunal) dated (date) by which (details of order under appeal).
\par 
\par \tab THE APPELLANT ASKS that (the relief sought).
\par 
\par \tab THE GROUNDS OF APPEAL are as follows: (Set out the grounds of appeal, including a reference to any statutory provision or rule to be relied on.)
\par 
\par (If the appellant wishes a tribunal to forward material to the Registry, add the following paragraph:)
\par 
\par \tab The appellant requests (name of the tribunal) to send a certified copy of the following material that is not in the possession of the appellant but is in the possession of the (b
oard, commission or tribunal, as the case may be) to the appellant and to the Registry: (Specify the particular material.)
\par 
\par 
\par (Date)
\par 
\par ______________________________
\par (Signature of solicitor or appellant)
\par (Name, address, telephone and fax number of solicitor or appellant)
\par  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4867095 {\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095 SOR/2004-283, ss. 35 and 38}{\f1\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4223125 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid4867095\charrsid4867095 
\par }}